feat(versioning): isBreaking (#31859)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/modules/versioning/index.md

}
```

## Breaking Changes

> In most ecosystems, especially SemVer, major upgrades are synonymous with breaking changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In most ecosystems, especially SemVer, major upgrades are treated as breaking changes.
```

> However, there are other cases too:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But other updates may have breaking changes too, for example:
```

- In SemVer, any update from a 0.x version may be breaking (including `0.1.0` -> `0.1.1`, `0.1.0` -> `0.2.0` and `0.1.0` -> `1.0.0`)
- Updates from pre-release versions like `1.0.0-pre.1` to other versions (including stable versions like `1.0.0`) can be breaking
- Python makes breaking changes in minor updates, e.g. from `3.12` to `3.13`

It can be tempting to propose ideas like "let's treat minor updates of Python as major updates" but that is swapping one problem for a worse problem.
The definitions of major and minor should not be redefined and broken in order to shoehorn in the related concept of "breaking change".
Instead, Renovate has the concept of `isBreaking`, which can be decided independently of `updateType`.

Here's an example of grouping all non-breaking updates together:

```json
{
  "packageRules": [
    {

>       "description": "Group together non-breaking updates",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      "description": "Group non-breaking updates",
```
